{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red37\green38\blue48;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c19216\c20000\c24706;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa48\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Contact customer service.
\f1\b0 \'a0You can do this by phone, email, or live chat.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa48\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Provide your order number.
\f1\b0 \'a0This can be found on your order confirmation email or in your Shadazzle account.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Explain why you are returning the product.
\f1\b0 \'a0If the product is defective, you will need to provide a description of the defect. If you are returning the product for a refund, you will need to explain why you are not satisfied with the product.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Request a return authorization number.
\f1\b0 \'a0This number will be required when you ship the product back to Shadazzle.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Package the product.
\f1\b0 \'a0Be sure to include the original packaging, as well as any accessories that came with the product.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Print the return label.
\f1\b0 \'a0You can find the return label on your customer service confirmation email.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ship the product back to Shadazzle.
\f1\b0 \'a0You can use any shipping method you like, but be sure to keep the tracking number for your records.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Wait for the product to be processed.
\f1\b0 \'a0Once the product is received, it will be processed and you will receive a refund or exchange.\cb1 \
}